PADV-439 - Migrate the plugin following the migration guidelines (#4)
Pearson-Advance/secure-cloudfront-video: README.md

## Usage

To configure this plugin correctly you have to set this environment variables in your

> local machine like [here](https://github.com/Pearson-Advance/edx-deployment-pe/blob/juniper/ansible/environments/prod/group_vars/all/10_edxapp.yml#L47).

Reviewer: This is private, this contains keys, you **should never** link this in public repositories... Just mention the settings that need to be configured. @sergivalero20

Author: @Squirrel18  Yes, you're right!
I already removed it.

## Testing

- In Studio add a new video component to a course.
- Press the *Edit* button and then go to the *Advanced* section.

> - In the *Video File URLs* field add the protected video. (e,g,. /secure-cloudfront-video/?key=9780136721390/M101_01_08_08_01.mp4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the *Video File URLs* field add the protected video. (e,g,. /secure-cloudfront-video/?key=9780136721390/M101_01_08_08_01.mp4).
```
This is a link to an actual protected resource, you **should never** link to a protected resource in a public repository. Just add an example of what the URL looks like. @sergivalero20

## Usage

To configure this plugin correctly you have to set:

- CLOUDFRONT_URL.
- CLOUDFRONT_ID.
- CLOUDFRONT_PRIVATE_SIGNING_KEY.

## Testing

- In Studio add a new video component to a course.
- Press the *Edit* button and then go to the *Advanced* section.

> - In the *Video File URLs* field add the protected video. (e,g,. /secure-cloudfront-video/?key=*secure_key*/video.mp4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the *Video File URLs* field add the protected video. (e,g,. /secure-cloudfront-video/?key=*resource-id*/*resource-url*).
```
